isObject should return false for Date as well as File, null, and Array (#3292)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

## @rjsf/core
- Added `ref` definition to `ThemeProps` fixing [#2135](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/2135)
- Updated the `onChange` handler in `Form` to use the new `preventDuplicates` mode of `mergeObjects()` when merging `extraErrors` when live validation is off, fixing [#3169](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/3169)

> - Fix isObject to correctly identify 'Date' as not mergable with Object default value.

Reviewer: This actually belongs in the `@rjsf/utils` section below. I'll approve once it is moved.

Author: 🤦‍♂️sorry - I should've seen that.

- Updated `computedDefaults` (used by `getDefaultFormState`) to skip saving the computed default if it's an empty object unless `includeUndefinedValues` is truthy, fixing [#2150](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/2150) and [#2708](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/2708)
- Expanded the `getDefaultFormState` util's `includeUndefinedValues` prop to accept a boolean or `"excludeObjectChildren"` if it does not want to include undefined values in nested objects
- Updated `mergeObjects` to add new `preventDuplicates` mode when concatenating arrays so that only unique values from the source object array are copied to the destination object array

> - Fix isObject to correctly identify 'Date' as not mergable with Object default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `isObject` to correctly identify 'Date' as not an object, similar to 'File', thus preventing them from being merged with Object default values.
```
